Good evening, family.
Thank you for joining us again today.
We're going to pray for President Trump tonight a lot, and we're going to pray for our nation a lot.
There's a lot of stuff going on with President Trump.
I have told you countless times about the necessity of praying for our president more than we've ever prayed for him before, especially with the attacks that are on his mind.
The things that we have seen, I believe, are accurate and proved to be so in the news as we see some of the things that are happening.
Now, I know every time I say something, I have everybody and their brother emailing me saying he didn't mean this or he didn't mean that.
It happened at Easter time with praise of law and the things that happened.
I said, "This is not normal.
" They say, "Well, he's just messing around.
" How do you know?
Do you know him?
I know him by the spirit.
I pray for him more than I pray for my own family.
And the Lord told me he's under attack.
Regardless of whether you want to receive that or not, Sister Clipboard, it's the truth.
I'm trying to tell you, we need to intercede for this man more than we ever have before as the body of Christ.
The Lord stood right here and He came in and delivered me a message one night.
He said, "I don't want you going live; I have something I have to say.
" So I carried it for over a week and brought it to people.
And when I delivered that message, boy, did I stir up the whole internet with that word.
I backed away from it because I said, "Lord, I delivered it exactly the way You said.
I didn't add to or take away from anything.
" I said, "I am released from it.
" I walked away and didn't mention it again because of the persecution and the hate I got from big prophetic voices around the nations telling me how false it was.
But I said, "I'm seeing something that's coming, but most people don't see that.
" I said you must pray for him regarding an attack that's trying to come on his mind and these things concerning his flesh so that he's able to make it through even midterms.
I said they'll try to impeach him if they get the House and the Senate.
I saw it in all the things that the Lord has warned us about.
It's about a spirit of pride; pride is going to try to set in on him.
It's that Antichrist spirit.
They're doing all these occultic things against his life to try to take him down.
Whenever you are not thinking right and you are weak and tired, you need more rest.
You do stupid stuff sometimes—all of us do, regardless of who we are.
I'm not trying to dishonor anybody, but we do things that you normally wouldn't do if you had more rest and time to think about things, and you're not underneath the persecution from the fake news media.
You've got all the weight of the nations on your shoulders as you're trying to navigate through this because we are in the last of the last days.
Whether you want to acknowledge that or not, the signs of the times are all around us.
One of the things that I want to remind you of was in 2020.
The Lord showed us on November 24th of 2020, right after he won the election, the Lord came.
I was cleaning out my car and He said this to me: "Trump will be known as a wartime president.
" And I thought, "Well, that's not good.
" Trump will be known as a wartime president.
I told Braden to look for that because I remember when the Lord said it.
He said, "Trump will be known as a wartime president.
" Then where's the other clip?
The one where I was sitting on the couch with mama?
This was on November 25th, the day after Diana came on with me, and this is what the Lord had me talk to you all about.
When I was praying today, the Lord brought up in my spirit that the enemy is going to try to make a wartime president out of Trump as a delay and a distraction through his four years of what God's trying to do.
The antichrist is trying to rise up and provoke the bear right now.
The Lord is wanting to give an extended period of grace and peace to the people with blessing, increase, and favor with what I've seen coming in 2025 and 2026.
I've seen the plague, I've seen the crash—I've seen all that.
But I'm telling you, whenever we prayed as hard as we did in October, we were turning that ship.
But the enemy is not wanting to go quietly.
We know we have authority, and we are seated with Jesus in the heavenlies.
This is what the Lord has warned us about—a wartime president.
And the Lord said, "I want to give you more time.
" If we stand in the gap and pray for President Trump, we can turn this thing.
As we were turning it in prayer, I told you about the foundation for the new industrial revolution in February.
I gave that word right after this; it was in February.
The Lord said a new industrial revolution and all the crypto and things that are trying to happen.
We were praying against the Supreme Court justice ruling against the tariffs and the things that were trying to save America and our economy from paddling.
I saw the pig again last night walking down the road with President Trump.
He is going to present a pig in the days ahead.
You will see a pig with lipstick on that has eyeshadow and blush, and this pig is going to look really nice and pretty.
He's going to be walking the pig down the street, but the pig is still a pig.
President Trump is going to parade it.
And I saw a transparent-looking housing market that was trying to go up but was not solid.
I could see through it.
I saw a wave that was small that would try to be for the midterms, trying to say everything's going to be okay.
This is just about the American economy and the things that I've seen concerning where we are with the end times.
We're about to see the beast system come into play soon concerning Europe and other nations.
But I saw the Middle East rising up with MBS and other nations like Iraq that will have a brotherhood.
And he showed me the oil wealth and the great fountains of wealth from the Middle East.
And I saw Babylon rising again.
I saw financial blessing coming through oil wealth and things happening through Saudi Arabia.
And they would go alongside crypto and have new crypto legislation and join up with certain crypto blockchain.
And so, as we see what happened today—last night when we were actually in prayer and he posted the picture of him laying hands like we saw—I had the benefit of the doubt to say, 'Listen, man, he was trying to be a disciple.
' Then he said he was trying to be a doctor and all these other things.
People go, 'Are you going to continue making excuses for this man like you did at Easter?
' And I get the emails.
Listen, I don't make excuses for anybody other than I just say, 'Hey, he's tired.
' Do you believe, Brandon, that this could be the Antichrist?
I don't believe that Trump is the Antichrist.
Do I believe that the antichrist spirit—that demonic spirit that I told you is trying to come on the nations—could be influencing, trying to mess with him?
Yes.
I believe it's the same thing what I told you.
I saw them doing virgin sacrifices in Iran—I'm sorry, excuse me, in Germany, in the Berlin area—and I saw them trying to bring forth the Mahdi, this spirit like a Hitler spirit over Europe with major war, and I saw World War III over Europe.
It was trying to bring forth what you're about to hear right here.
Why I brought this?
Because I want you to play this, Braden.
Now, this was not a popular word, but I know what I had.
The visitation where Jesus stood there, right here in my house in the vision with three angels, and it changed my life.
These experiences, the anointing, will change you.
And people say, 'I don't believe it.
' I don't care what you believe.
If you don't want to believe it, fine.
But if you don't want to pray for him, then why are you even here in the first place other than just a troll?
We need to pray for our president because this is what I saw trying to happen to him.
Go ahead and play this.
This was back in January.
Can you play it?
The Lord Jesus came and told me, 'Your president is about to be taken out by an assassin.
' He said, 'I hold the church accountable for what is about to take place in this nation.
' And as I was sitting here, I saw the whole thing pan out in front of me.
He showed the whole thing.
The angels were behind him.
The glory came into my house.
And I started yelling.
I said, 'Lord, how is this going to happen?
We have prayed for this man.
We have interceded.
We have stood in the gap.
We've done everything.
' And he said, 'The church as a whole.
You're not the church by yourself, Brandon.
Their channel is not the church by itself.
The church as a mass whole.
' He said pride has come into his heart.
Pride has come in and he has opened a door through counsel of ungodly people advising him on what to do concerning the nations.
And because he has opened this door from counsel and that demonic spirit that I saw poking his brain, influencing his thoughts, the church is supposed to pray.
And the Lord showed me decisions that were being made were not what he wanted.
And because of these decisions, it was opening a door for a demonic attack.
As I saw this and I saw pride fill his heart and I saw arrogance starting to slip into him, I saw a covering that was not covering him on his front side.
He was coming down—it looked like Air Force One or something—and I saw a man a long ways away with a.
50 caliber weapon that had a scope on it that big.
He had a black stocking hat, black shirt, black pants, and black combat boots, and he was laying on his belly focusing in.
When I saw this incident happen, I saw the projectile go through his body—it was awful.
The Secret Service didn't even know in this situation where to go.
And I'm telling you, this is very serious to me.
And I'm telling you all, this is very hard to even talk about this, but I feel by the spirit of God, we must pray.
And I believe we can stop this.
I want to say that I'm a watchman and even with the ear and everything that the Lord has shown me, it's been very precise, I believe, concerning this man's life and praying for our economy, praying for the things that I have seen.
And I love him.
I love his family.
And I'm not here to—I want to make that very clear because I know I have law enforcement watching me—but this is a very serious thing.
I brought it to the elders of the church to pray and this is exactly what I have seen.
And I bring the good, the bad, and the ugly.
I always do.
And I'm precise.
I don't add to anything, and I do not take away anything from it.
But as I saw what I saw, I saw this scope on this firearm that was that big.
It was huge.
And he was from a long ways.
And he was military trained and he was Russian.
And I saw Macron and him negotiating and talking things through, and it was Macron and the Russian government.
When this happened, I saw the Secret Service looking everywhere.
They couldn't see how far it came or how it happened, and they were in a panic on the ground and I watched the whole thing happen.
I saw immediately World War III pan across my face and a major war broke out in Europe of the likes of which we've never seen before.
It was a retaliation immediately for what just happened to our leader.
It was the most awful bombardment of missile strikes because of what he has set in place if anything ever happens to him to retaliate immediately with vicious force.
And when this happened, I saw a bombardment the likes of which we've never seen before of any generation with conventional weapons.
Like I told you, a wound that will not be fatal to the church, but it will bring the bride to the side.
It will shake the nations.
It will shake things.
As I have prayed over this, I saw JD Vance walking through oak trees.
They were black as onyx.
They were all spread out.
And every single oak tree was the same around and the same height, and they were all barren with no leaves on them at all.
It looked like something that had been charred by some kind of volcanic fire or some kind of something that the trees were dead, but they were all identical.
And they looked all around him.
And he walked through these trees.
There was white snow or whatever this was all over the ground.
He was wearing a black trench coat that went to the mid of his calf, similar to what he wears.
It looked like a dark blue, but I couldn't really tell because he was black and white.
The trees were black.
They all looked the same.
And I think each tree represented a year.
I believe from what I have seen there was at least six to seven trees.
I'm still trying to go over it over and over in my spirit.
'Lord, show me how many trees that was and what did the trees represent,' because I know it was a metaphor.
There was something to this.
As I saw him walking through the snow in these trees, he went to the White House and he sat down behind the desk.
He had a look on his face—not a smirk, not a grin—but he was just looking as I saw his wife pregnant.
She was big and pregnant.
Her belly button was sticking through her clothes because of how pregnant she was.
She was standing behind the door listening to the conversation that her husband was having.
She had a Hindu-looking outfit on that was pink with outline embroidery with a green, John Deere-colored belt on.
It was pink, green, and yellow, and it looked like something of Middle Eastern descent like a Hindu shawl.
Her face was not veiled.
It was a pink outfit.
As I watched this, and I say this very carefully because I'm just telling you what I saw in this visitation that I had with Jesus.
Okay, this is where I am cautious.
I'm not accusing anyone, but I'm just telling you.
I'm not adding to, and I'm not taking away from anything.
You saw this couch; it's not important to keep going.
This is what's been on my heart so heavy today because of the picture and because of other things.
"Oh, he's just playing.
" No, this is something that the Lord said is of the heart.
There's something with the heart; it's the motive behind the photo, regardless if it's teasing or not.
What I'm telling you is that it's trying to be a root that's displaying bad fruit.
And the Lord said, "Pray for this man.
He's under great pressure.
" And I'm holding the church accountable to intercede for Donald Trump.
I say this with great conviction to warn you all of what I'm seeing is trying to come to pass.
It's looking around you at photos like this that are—well, you know—and he says, "I was trying to be a doctor.
" People are asking me, "Is he trying to be the antichrist?
" I mean, you can't imagine all the emails I got today about this photo and people being upset.
Well, he's just playing.
Well, then he said, "I'm just trying to pretend I'm a doctor," and all these other things.
But it obviously upset a lot of you.
I just try to go, "I'm not touching it because I know what I've seen," and I know what the Lord has warned me to pray and why I have taken this so seriously: the call that's on my life to intercede for America, to intercede for the protection of His children, to intercede for his marriage and his health, and to carry him over the threshold into the end zone because the Lord said he can't do this without the body of Christ.
He will not make it.
The Lord said there would need to be one.
And I saw four major people picking him up and carrying him into the end zone.
He had big concrete cinder blocks on his feet and he was trying, but he couldn't make it because he was working so hard at doing this.
And that's why I'm trying to tell you tonight: we must pray for him.
Now, people are so upset.
"I'm not praying for him anymore.
I can't believe he's so blasphemous.
He's this.
He's that.
" Oh my goodness.
I told you what I told you: pride.
Remember, pride opens the door to his front side.
Pride enters into the man's heart and opens a door.
That's what the Lord said.
Pride, arrogance.
You like Jesus laying hands on people?
Listen, this is the fruit that is part of the root.
Regardless if you want to look at it or not, the root is displaying some fruit.
You better listen to me.
You better pray for this man.
This is the most high alert.
You should be praying for our nation more than you've ever prayed for America before: praying for the prayer agreement in May, for the rededication, praying for our nation, praying for all of it.
Whenever President Trump said—and Franklin Graham came out and said, "If you confess Jesus Christ as your Lord and Savior," and was trying to encourage him that if you have Jesus Christ, you're born again—he said, "I don't know if I'll make it to heaven.
" He doesn't know the things he said.
Listen, it's not my place to ever judge a man.
My place is to do what Jesus asked me to do when He stood right here and said, "Pray for him.
" I'm asking you as a fellow believer to really, really get your head out of the sand and really look around you at the signs of the times and the pressure that one might be facing right now, more than what you could ever comprehend.
I said he was at the Resolute Desk, and he was writing down, and he was trying to think, and I saw a demonic attack against his mind; it looked like a black bird.
Then I saw a big peacock on the Capitol; it was wrapped around the Capitol, but the feathers were not all feathered out.
And I saw JD Vance with a massive bobblehead—his neck was not strong and it was bobbling all around—and he was looking toward the White House.
And I saw Rubio with huge eyes at the bottom of the steps looking at him.
You remember as Trump was no longer there, I saw a peacock over that area.
And I've tried to warn you about all this stuff to pray.
Do I feel like JD Vance is a bad man?
I'm not going to sit and say, "I know JD Vance.
" I haven't prayed for JD Vance like I've prayed for Donald Trump.
That's not a fair statement.
I know I've seen in part and heard in part concerning JD Vance and concerning if he will be president in 2028.
Praying for Rubio, praying for the next term if the Lord tarries.
I pray with all my heart, y'all, that Jesus Christ comes back this next Shemitah cycle and we're not here.
If that's the case, we're right at the edge of the revival that could take place any time in the summer.
And I told you it will be toward the summer months when the Lord showed me that it would start—the revival would start in the summer months and go all the way—and then all the things that I've seen, that we will go into the Shemitah cycle when this timeframe takes place.
Is that this one going into 2028, 2029?
God, I hope so.
Wouldn't that be wonderful?
But if it is not, it is because we know that the tribulation is a Shemitah cycle of seven years.
So we believe—what I believe—is that the tribulation will be at the beginning of a Shemitah cycle of a seven-year timeframe.
So, the end of this seven-year cycle is 2028, 2029.
That would be the time of this.
That's why I have to keep telling you.
I know I'm seeing into the tribulation.
I don't know what year this is—2028?
I'm going past 2028.
I don't know.
There's a lot of people who say, "Brandon, we have fifty-six years left, at least a hundred years.
" I don't believe that.
I truly believe with all my heart that Jesus Christ is waiting for the harvest.
The Lord said, "I'm standing at the door waiting for the harvest.
I have long patience for it.
" But now, I'm no longer out of patience—I am out of time.
This dispensation of grace is coming to an end.
So God's never going to run out of patience.
He loves us.
But there is a timeframe that's been set into motion of when He knows when it's going to happen.
Right?
So we know that the domino is about to fall.
Are you ready?
The harvest is plentiful and the laborers are few.
And He said, "I want my harvest.
Brandon, help me.
Will you help me?
" I saw Jesus's hands and He had massive holes in His hands—they're huge.
You could see the wheat blowing through them.
The wounds on His hands from the nails were almost like they took a massive amount of flesh out of them.
What He suffered, no man can comprehend—those that saw it.
It's amazing that the lashes, the wounds that He took upon His back didn't kill Him there on the whipping post.
But God, isn't He amazing that He took all of it for you to walk in health, healing, and not have to be bound by the devil's torment, not have to be bound by sickness and disease.
He said, "By my stripes, you're healed.
" But not only that, He carried the cross to Golgotha.
He died and He suffered greatly even there with those nails going in His feet and His hands.
He got the piercing in His side from the soldier.
Isn't Jesus amazing that He did that all for you and me?
And He doesn't want that any man should perish, but all come to repentance.
Right now, He's leaving the ninety-nine and He's going after the one.
Even right now, I'm trying to tell you, you must be born again.
Unless a man is born again, he will not enter into the kingdom of God unless you confess Jesus Christ as your Lord and Savior.
You're not going to make it.
There is no other way to heaven other than by him.
I tried to tell you all what's coming: a storm as I saw it.
I said, "Pray over the Knicks and the Boston Celtics.
Pray over Boston in that marathon this weekend.
Pray over the Red Cross.
Pray over these things.
" I see the Red Cross.
The Lord said, "intercede for these major cities and for mass transit systems.
Pray for the oil wells.
Pray for your oil wells in Houston.
Pray for them in Tuttle.
Pray for them in this.
" He said because they're a target for you.
There is an enemy that is within.
There's a mole, as we've heard even President Trump say; there are moles in our camp leaking information.
There's all these things.
I sense the urgency of the hour today.
Diana goes, "What's wrong with you?
" I said, "I feel it.
I feel the pressure.
I feel there's something shifting and I feel there's something wrong.
And I'm trying to pray it off, pray it down.
I'm interceding in my heart today as I felt it concerning America, concerning President Trump, concerning the decisions he's making, concerning the valley of decision.
" I said, "I saw a fork in the road," and I said, "It will be determined on how we pray.
" The Lord said, "Brandon, I'll give you more time.
If my people who are called by my name will humble themselves and pray.
" He said, "I will hear.
You will hear from heaven.
I will heal your land, Brandon.
But look, it's going this way.
" Do you see it going this way?
I could see it.
And Donald Trump was going down the path again, the wrong way.
Why?
I believe that people just want to pray and they go, "Well, Brandon, I just don't have time to dedicate with you, to hear you talk about salvation all the time.
" You know what?
This is a prayer channel.
Why aren't you praying more?
My heart is the harvest.
My heart is prayer, but my heart is definitely the harvest.
I know what it feels like to be so lost.
And my heart goes out to every single one of you that doesn't know Jesus Christ and you're on the edge of eternity and you could spend eternity in hell and you don't even realize it.
The moment you take your last breath, the moment your heart stops beating, where will you spend eternity?
And most of you have no clue.
This is the most serious hour of any generation that we've ever had touch this earth.
We're at the last of the last seconds before the coming of the Lord Jesus Christ.
And many of you are still asleep.
I plead with you tonight once again: you must become born again.
You must invite Jesus Christ to be your Lord and personal Savior.
You're running out of time.
As we see the wheels and the grinding of eternity and all the things that are happening right now with the end times and the Strait and all the things that are going on with Russia and China and all the stuff.
This is an acceleration just like the Lord said.
There'll be five major shakings in these last days.
There'll be a shaking in the heavens.
There'll be a shaking in the earth's crust.
There'll be a shaking of politics and wars and rumors of wars.
There'll be a shaking in the church.
And there'll be a shaking in the finances.
And we're seeing it all at one time.
People are talking about if we don't get this opened up, if all this stuff going on, it looks like the world is going into a great recession, maybe even a great depression.
What are we going to do?
The sky is falling, Chicken Little.
I said this is all by design.
Why?
Because it has to have a digital currency to bring forth a one-world digital dollar that will put in your arm, your hand, or your forehead that you will have to scan to pay for stuff in the days ahead.
It all is falling into place for the coming of the Lord.
Is it five years?
Is it two years?
Is it seven?
I don't know.
All I know is I am always looking up because I know my redemption draws nigh.
And the moment I know that we start to see the glorious outpouring, I know we're right there.
I'm looking for the people and our brothers that are lost, our sisters that are lost, that are wayward, that he's coming and he's going after the 99.
He's leaving the 99 to go after the one.
Maybe he's going after the 99 and leaving the one because that's how much he wants.
He wants them all.
I'm telling you, Jesus wants them all.
He doesn't want that anyone should perish.
Do you understand?
John 3:16 is the big one.
We put up big banners over everything.
John 3:16: "For God so loved the world," brother.
But he does and he did.
And he's after you.
He's after you right now.
And I know I've already taken a lot of time trying to talk about what I've talked about, but I want to just do it real quick.
If you're here right now and you've never asked Jesus Christ to be your Lord and personal Savior, tonight's your night.
No one's promised tomorrow.
No one is.
You could die in your sleep tonight, but if you did, where would you spend eternity?
There's a heaven to gain and a hell to shun.
It's time to come off the fence.
It's time to stop playing church.
There's so many of you all that you're just so close to your breakthrough of what you've been believing for.
And the devil's thrown everything he has at you, trying to get you discouraged and to get you to be weary in well-doing.
And in doing so, you've walked away from your first love.
And he's never left you.
He said, "I'll never leave you.
I'll never forsake you.
" But you've turned your back on him.
And tonight you have an opportunity to say, "I'm selling out to you.
I'm sorry.
I repent.
I'm coming home.
" So if that's you tonight and maybe you say, "Brandon, I've never asked Jesus Christ to be my Lord and personal Savior," well, tonight's your night.
What are you waiting on?
He's at the door of your heart and he's knocking.
Will you let him in?
No matter if you're a Jew, a Buddhist, or a Muslim, or whatever, Jesus Christ died for you and he wants you to make him your Lord and personal Savior.
You must invite him.
You've got to confess him.
You've got to believe with your heart.
So, I want you just to say a simple prayer with me, but I want you to be bold about your decision real quick.
Let's do this real quick.
We're on the verge.
This could be your eternity right here.
This is it.
All heaven's watching.
All hell's anticipating.
What are they going to do?
Are they going to make the decision tonight?
We're going to keep tormenting.
We're going to keep beating them down until we get to beat them down even more when they get here if they don't.
But heaven's up there going, "You're right there at the goal line.
It's time for you to make a touchdown.
" It's time for you to go and step over and do the greatest decision, the best decision you could ever possibly make is to accept Jesus Christ as your Lord and personal Savior.
I want to say a simple prayer for you.
A five-year-old could say it.
It doesn't have to be religious; it just has to be about relationship and it has to come from your heart.
If that's you tonight, say in the comments section right now, "I want to be saved.
I want to be saved.
Tonight's my night.
I want to give it all to Jesus.
" And I'm just going to pray for you right now.
But you have to repeat this prayer after me and say it with your whole heart.
Say, "Jesus, I believe you are the Son of God.
I believe you died for me and you rose again on the third day.
Jesus, I'm a sinner and I need a savior.
Jesus, I turn my back tonight on the devil.
I turn my back on my sin and I don't want to do it anymore.
And from this day forward, I dedicate my heart to you.
I dedicate my life to you, Lord.
I make you my Lord and personal Savior.
Write my name in the Lamb's Book of Life.
And from this day forward, I will serve you with all my heart.
Jesus, if I was to die tonight, I want to be with you in paradise forever.
I thank you Lord that you have forgiven me.
I thank you Lord that I am now born again.
" I thank you, Lord, that I am yours and you are mine, and I will walk with you the rest of my life, and you walk with me.
Change me.
Create in me a clean heart.
Teach me your ways.
I need you.
I can't do this life anymore without you.
I'm so thankful that you're giving me this fresh, clean start tonight and I am made new.
Amen and amen.
I believe if you just said that simple prayer, you just asked Jesus Christ to be your Lord and personal Savior, I believe you're born again.
Behold, all things have become brand new.
And I just want to say, welcome to the family.
But what do you do now?
You find a Bible-believing church.
You've got to get plugged into church.
You've got to go to church.
Tell the pastor there, "I need to be water-baptized.
" Get water-baptized.
Get plugged in there.
Go on Wednesdays and Sundays.
Go to prayer meetings.
Whatever you can do to get plugged in there.
Find a Bible.
Read the Bible every day.
The Bible says that you will know the truth, and the truth of God's Word will set you free.
You might have demonic spirits that you might need deliverance from or whatever, but the ultimate thing that's ever going to set you free is the Word of God.
Even if you've got critters—I always call them demonic spirits—and you get them cast out, they'll come back with eight more of their buddies if you don't get this Word inside of you.
You've got to get this Word down inside of you; then it's a pillar in your life.
And when you get that Word down inside of you, it will change you from the inside out.
So if you don't have a Bible and you would like to have a Bible, you say, "Brandon, can I have one?
" We would love to bless you with your first Bible.
If you just said the sinner's prayer with us, we want to send you a Bible for free.
You just have to email us in the description down below and say, "Tonight's my night.
I gave my heart to Jesus Christ.
Give us your name, your address, and how to mail it to you, and we'll mail it to you" absolutely for free.
No questions asked.
We just want to love on you and tell you welcome to the family.
But we will ask you to like, subscribe, and click the notification bell and be a part of our YouTube channel.
Come over here and be a part of it and pray with us every day.
And we believe the best is yet to come for you.
Welcome home.
I don't know how many—did anybody get saved?
72 people.
That's wonderful.
The spiritual pressure has been very intense today and I'm so thankful for all 72 people.
That's awesome.
Welcome home.
You know, like I said, the spiritual pressure was so intense today concerning Trump.
And I told the Lord, I said, "I'll do this broadcast tonight.
" And I'm so thankful I did, for all 72 of you.
It's wonderful.
62 last night, 72 tonight.
And that is awesome.
I'm so thankful that you all came tonight.
And I appreciate you sticking around.
We'll pray together and you can learn more about prayer and stuff.
It's pretty cool.
Isn't Jesus wonderful?
64 last night, 72 today.
That's so far out of the emails.
But a lot of people are coming to the Lord, and so we're so thankful for every one of you.
I'm trying not to just cry my eyes out and so I'm trying to hold it together.
I've got work to do tonight.
I can't sit here and cry.
We've got work to do.
There's a lot here concerning our nation and we're in a storm.
There's a lot of things I saw last night concerning the storm before even all this nonsense and what's going on with our nation.
So, let's take communion and pray.
Who wants to go tubing now?
I did it pretty quick.
I did it faster for you.
"Hey, Brandon, you take too long"—we did it pretty fast.
Fastest altar call, fastest thing I've done.
I'm trying.
I asked the Lord, "Make me more effective.
Help me not to waste people's time talking too much and to jump in the river and to flow with you and bring in the lost.
" Jesus, we thank you, Father, for your body that was broken for us.
I feel the anointing so strong.
It's been a rough couple of days, and I'm just thankful whenever I feel the presence of the Lord like that; it's refreshing to my flesh.
And then when you push so hard and you get breakthrough and you're praying through things and you see what the Lord warns me about—and there's a lot of things I've not been able to talk about—and you see the seriousness of the hour concerning this nation and there's so many people that don't see it and they're asleep, and I want to yell it as loud as I can from the mountaintop.
But there's some things that you can't talk about because he instructs you not to, and you carry it and you hold it and it's like a 1,000-pound weight on top of you, and then you get on the other side of it in prayer and you're so thankful when you see breakthrough with souls.
That's what it's all about to me and all the other doesn't matter.
I already know what's going to come for America.
I already know what's coming for this world and a great revival with what I believe is the greatest harvest of souls we've ever seen before.
But what is it going to take to get there?
It takes this group of people that are here tonight that already seem to be—a lot of you—awake, but the vast majority are asleep.
And the Lord's calling every single one of us and tugging every single one of our hearts.
Let's take communion real quick.
Father, I thank you, Lord, for your body.
I thank you, Father, that you became sickness.
You became everything for me.
And in Galatians 3, Christ has redeemed me from the curse of the law.
And we take this body right now in the name of Jesus.
And we thank you, Lord, that by your stripes we're healed.
Thank you, Lord, for the blood.
Thank you for the blood.
Father, we make much of the blood and the blood makes much of us.
We apply the blood over us and we thank you, Lord, that no weapon formed against us will prosper.
No weapon formed against us is going to prosper because we believe in the power of the blood of Jesus.
We believe that it's never lost its power and great is your faithfulness now.
Father, we thank you, Lord, that we apply the blood over us.
And Father, we thank you, Lord, that we cover our minds, our emotions, our bodies in Jesus' name.
We thank you, Lord, that we hear your voice and a stranger's voice we will not follow.
We thank you, Lord, that we are not ensnared by any satanic or demonic force.
I thank you, Lord, that we hear and see only what you want us to see and hear.
If you want us to see or hear anything, Father, we're not here to perform.
We're always here just to be with you.
And Father, we'll pray your heart—what's on your heart to pray for this nation.
And Father, if we just touch the bases of the things you've already given us, that's fine.
Father, we thank you, Lord, that we do our job and we do it with great victory in the name of Jesus.
And we lack no good thing because, Holy Spirit, you're with us.
And we take this blood in Jesus' name.
And we thank you, Father, that it never loses its power.
Amen and amen.
You believe that tonight?
Hallelujah.
All right.
I've been drinking my minerals because of the food I've been eating trying to lower my calories.
I haven't had my minerals like I should.
So, Diana got me some minerals and put them in the water.
And I'm telling you, it doesn't taste that great.
But I'm thankful for the potassium and stuff in it.
And for the lady—somebody, whoever sent me this little footrest, thank you.
I got it from you in the mail today.
And it's nice for my feet.
I've got my feet on it tonight.
They sent me a footrest.
I don't have to put them on my trash can anymore.
Paisley put it together for me.
She said, "Daddy, you've got to have that tonight for prayer.
" I said, "Yep, thanks.
" It keeps my feet up so they don't fall asleep on me.
Father, we just thank You, Lord, for tonight's prayer time.
We lift up this time, we lift up this nation, and we lift up our President before You.
I really don't even know how to pray for him in English, so I'm just going to pray in tongues like I have been because I've exhausted my English.
You know what's interesting is the Lord's praying; we were praying instantaneously.
I'm looking and we're looking at the Ark of the Covenant again.
He wants that to come forth.
His heart is about the harvest.
I'm telling you, His heart is the harvest.
We know the outcome, but the world will know the signs that follow them that believe.
Watch; He's about to shake the church.
He's awakened the church and signs will follow them.
He's the God of signs.
I'm hearing it again: "I am the God of signs," and signs and wonders will follow them that believe.
If you just believe Me, all things are possible to him who believes.
He's the God of signs, wonders, miracles, demonstrations, and manifestations of the glory.
We pray over Marco Rubio.
We pray over Cuba.
We say in the name of Jesus, "Cuba, your day of deliverance is at hand.
" I hear the horns.
You know what?
Play that one film clip on The Ten Commandments where the day of deliverance is at hand.
The great shaking to awaken is at hand.
I hear the sound of an abundance of rain.
Cuba, Venezuela, Brazil, Argentina, Colombia—a great shaking to awaken is coming to South America.
This is concerning Panama.
I see a cobra snake and I see the Lord Jesus Christ.
He put His foot down on the cobra snake, and I see a sandal—a Holy Ghost sandal with the toes coming out.
And I see a foot squashing that cobra snake's head.
It was flared up and moving across the land, and it was on Panama.
I saw a great giant foot come up out of the heaven and it was like "Boom!
" on the land, and that snake was slithering and He crushed its head.
Play it, Braden, play it.
This is what it sounded like over Cuba.
That's what it sounded like when I was praying in the Spirit.
He said, "The day...
it's time.
It's the day.
This is it.
It's time to push this thing through for the people of Cuba.
It's time; liberation hour.
We call them free.
We call revival over the land in the name of Jesus.
Over Iran, over Iraq, over all of Africa, over Asia—it's time for a great liberation, a shaking to awaken across the land from sea to shining sea all around this globe.
We call a major revival in the name of Jesus.
No more holding back.
The glory of the Lord is risen on us.
Arise and shine, for the light has come and the glory of the Lord is risen on us.
We're calling a great revival in the White House.
We say, "You'll not have him.
We'll not let you.
" We plead the blood over his mind.
Satan, get your hands off of him!
We apply the blood over President Trump, over his cabinet, over JD Vance, over his wife, over all of them.
I don't know all their names, but God, You do.
And we call them, Father, he takes no counsel from the ungodly.
And we say a stirring inside of them in Jesus' name.
I thank You, Lord, that his heart remains humble before You.
Father, You're not done with him yet.
We lift him across the finish line that he will finish his job.
I don't care what kind of plan or plot the devil has.
We plead the blood of Jesus over him: that a thousand shall fall at his side and 10,000 at his right hand, but nothing shall come nigh him.
I thank You that the angels of the Lord are camped all around and about him.
We plead the blood over Don Jr.
, Eric, Tiffany, Barron, and Ivanka.
We pray over his grandchildren—Kai and the others that I don't know their names, but God, You do.
And we cover every single one of them in the blood that there would be no distraction to cause any kind of pain or sorrow in the house.
His mind is thinking clearly to lead this nation.
Father, we lay down the persecution; we're persecuted for the Word's sake.
People are going to hate you because they hated You, Lord.
We're getting used to it now.
But Lord, I thank You that we are so sold out to You.
Donald Trump is so sold out to You.
He is looking to You and just like David, he inquires of the Lord about everything: "Can we take this land?
What do we do next?
" I'm inquiring of the Lord.
I'm sitting at Your feet.
I will not move my military; I will not do anything until I hear Your still, small voice on the inside of me.
Even if there's writing on the wall, Father, I thank You, Lord, that it's so loud to him that he would hear You and he would take no ungodly counsel from those around him.
Father, he only takes the godly counsel.
I pray over the Secret Service that they're more attentive and alert and they have discernment—even if they don't even realize it's You, Holy Ghost—that You would speak to them and they would hear Your voice and not follow the stranger's voice.
I thank You, Lord, that his mind is sound.
Second Timothy 1:7 says, "God has not given him a spirit of fear, but of power and of love and of a well-balanced mind.
" I take authority over dementia and Alzheimer's and whatever is going on.
Father, I thank You, Lord, that his mind is clear and he thinks like he's young again, that his youth is renewed like the eagles and You fill his mouth with good things.
I thank You, Lord, that he will live long and finish strong.
I believe, Father, that You've appointed him and You've called him for such a time as this.
We always inquire of the Lord and we stay on Your side.
Father, I thank You, Lord, that we have favor with You.
When we inquire of the Lord and put You first in every area of our life, we humble ourselves before You and in due time You said You would exalt us and do what needs to be done.
You tell us, "Hey, this is the direction you need to go.
" And we will be quick to obey, for the willing and obedient will eat the good of the land.
It's time for us, the Body of Christ, to eat the good of the land.
People want to debate: should you tithe, should you not tithe?
I just want to be abundantly blessed.
I give, Father, praise for everything that You've blessed us with.
We tithe because our heart is right before You.
Oh Lord, we want to be willing and obedient and eat the good land.
God loves you; He has a plan for your life.
Spiritual law is seedtime and harvest.
Whatsoever a man sows, that will he also reap.
I believe there's thirty, sixty, and a hundredfold.
I believe, Father, You give us exceedingly, abundantly above all that we dare ask or think, but it's out of the seeds that you sow.
Seedtime, harvest.
And I believe, Father, it's time for the sowers and the reapers to go hand in hand.
The sowers and the reapers to go hand in hand.
We thank you, Lord, that there is no more lack in anyone's house represented here tonight.
They are believing for the exceedingly abundantly above all that they dare ask or think in their house, in their marriages, and in their children.
Their wayward children are coming home; we're calling them home in Jesus' name.
We are calling in deliverance over their households that they may say, "I was once lost, but now I am found because Jesus Christ paid the price for me to walk in victory.
" He paid the price for me to walk in wholeness, Shalom.
I see that.
Father, we call in the rain all the way to North Carolina, South Carolina, Florida, Alabama, Georgia, Kentucky, Tennessee, New Jersey, all the way through Ohio and Iowa.
Father, we call for the rain in Pennsylvania and Illinois; we call for rain.
We speak rain over our area.
We will not have drought, and our crops will bear fruit in the name of Jesus over this land because You said, "If My people, who are called by My name, will humble themselves and pray, then we will hear from heaven and You will heal our land.
" We're not just wanting a fruit of blessing, but Father, we want revival in our land from sea to shining sea, from the Gulf to Canada.
We call for revival in the name of Jesus.
We pray over Mike Lindell.
We pray over his mind, his heart, and his body.
He will be strong, and there will be the greatest red wave over Minnesota we've ever seen before.
We call for a red wave over California and for the voter fraud to be uncovered and brought to justice in the name of Jesus.
We pass the Save America Act, and we will not hesitate anymore.
This is a no-brainer.
Get it done in the name of Jesus.
I see that there is a dark figure concerning the Save America Act, and it's up toward Pennsylvania and around New-York.
Whatever this is right here, it's right in here.
There is a principality-looking figure that is holding this up, and I see it's with funding.
It's black.
Yes, that is New York City.
They live way up in the top of this tower.
They live up in the top of the tower.
I see these gargoyles.
I stand over that.
It's so interesting.
I plead the blood over me and my children.
I plead the blood over my wife.
I plead the blood over me.
I see that this person is deep into the occult.
Thank you, Lord.
They have these protection spells.
When you started praying, we prayed against it.
I could see it was penetrating.
It's the money that's behind them, influencing these politicians.
I see great wealth, billions of dollars, influencing politicians concerning why the Save America Act has not passed.
The root of the fruit is funding.
That's why the body of Christ has to rise up with money.
This is dark.
Who is that behind those walls?
Lord, who's there hiding in that house?
Darkness.
I'm seeing the 1500s.
It's generational.
I see a cross; it looks like a red cross.
I see Paris.
I see what looks similar to stainless steel and I see a crest.
As you go inside this place, there's so much darkness.
It looks like bats.
I'm in this castle or mansion.
It's a beautiful home outside, but on the inside, there are many bats roosting in the top of this house.
I see these crests and covenants that were made to demonic spirits.
It's generational.
The wealth is generational.
It's a spirit.
Now I see Canada and France.
It has to do with Carney, and I see Carney's face.
It's the bankers.
There's great wealth.
But the Save America Act is blocked by this entity.
The Lord says you see this demonic spirit.
It looks like a bull with horns but it's on two legs.
A bull on two legs.
It's a bull that looks like a matador, and it's on two legs.
It's completely blacked out with a bull's nose and a hoop in its nose.
This is what's over this.
I see the matadors and the bull horns on the head of this thing.
It's a black outline and looks like a cow on two legs standing like a human.
He's not using his front hooves; he's using only his back ones, standing up and walking around.
The Lord says this is the root of the fruit of why this is not being passed.
There are the votes, but there's a demonic spirit over this.
I see it's connected to a triangle that goes from there to Canada, to Toronto, into England and France, and it comes back like a triangle.
It goes into Spain.
I see the word "Spain" and I see bulls.
The Lord said it truly does not matter the origin; this is the root of the fruit.
He's showing me more.
He said this doesn't matter.
It's the people with the masks, the masquerade with dresses and capes with hoods.
I'm seeing the hoods again—black-hooded people and purple-hooded people with masquerade masks.
It's dark, but we know how to deal with that, Lord.
We thank You, Lord, that we have victory and that this Save America Act will get pushed through.
Father, I thank You.
It's a wall in the spirit.
It's that Illuminati wall.
I see a wall, and it's connected to abortion.
Abortion gives it strength.
I see babies, embryos, little babies that you would even consider a human life form, aborted.
I see the blood of the babies upon the altar concerning this bull.
I see abortion and Planned Parenthood; it's a sacrifice of Planned Parenthood that gives this access.
I hear "access.
" This is the access point for funding: the blood of the innocent to the bull.
And I see it over New York,.
It goes to France and Canada.
Abortion is the fruit that feeds it.
It's very dark.
It's a bull, and it feeds on the babies.
But it's the blood of the womb, the blood of the mother, and the blood of the baby.
It's sacrifice and witchcraft attached to it.
It goes from Canada into Toronto and over into France.
The Lord said, "This is what's causing this.
This is the root cause to try to not let Save America pass.
" It goes back to the 1500s.
I see dates flipping on a calendar.
The Lord says, "You see the root; it's a prayer assignment to those who will take it.
" This is the route to save America because the blood of the innocent cries out.
The blood of the innocent cries out before me.
He said the blood of the innocent, the unborn, is an act of an occultic, satanic ritual.
The blood of the innocent goes into California.
I see the one that has a mask.
I see the one that would slither on his belly to try to be in the White House.
I see the one that's next to him, and I see a purple cape.
The only thing that's ever going to save America is the Lord Jesus.
No Save America Act, just Jesus.
He said, 'I'm the only one that's going to save America, Brandon.
The only one that can cause a shaking to awaken your nation.
A Save America Act won't save America.
' And that's why I see the root of this.
He said, 'It is a nation that turns back to me.
' No matter if you vote it through or not, the only thing that's ever going to save America, I hear the Holy Spirit say, is an awakening unto me.
I see the glory back in the churches.
He said, 'It's just like it was in the Welsh revival.
I'll empty the bars, the clubs, and the places of partying.
Turn back to me.
Churches will be on fire, you will see.
' From all across the land, all across Europe, and all across Africa, turn to him.
It's an awakening unto him that will save the land.
Oh, Asia!
I feel the fire of the Holy Ghost.
I feel the fire of the Holy Spirit all over my head and my body, stirring me from the inside out.
Father, fire is shut up in my bones.
That Holy Ghost fire is shut up in my bones.
We've got the victory that overcomes the world, even over our flesh.
Father, I thank you.
We have the victory.
And the greatest move over Seattle, San Francisco, Los Angeles, Sacramento, Chicago, Minneapolis, and Dallas.
Oh Father, we thank you, Lord.
All the border towns, all the border cities, all these border places.
Oh Lord, we thank you that the Holy Ghost and fire is resting on our pastors, our teachers, our evangelists, and our prophets.
It's just like fire shut up in my bones.
I see it; it's change.
He said, 'You're attacking the spirit.
You're changing the heart of the individual doing the act.
' It's their choice to go and have an abortion if they're coached to do it, but you can change that by revival in the area.
Holy Ghost and fire changes people from the inside out when they make the decision to have an abortion or not.
If you feel so trapped, if you feel so broken, thinking 'I can't do this,' and the devil tries to lie to you with a bombardment on your mind, it's satanic because I see the witchcraft against it pulling the innocent to it.
It's almost like a tractor beam.
Regardless of the young person who gets pregnant, that tracker beam of witchcraft is pulling the individual for blood.
We need more blood, more sacrifice, more on this altar to give that demon power.
But it's pulling the individual to a reprobate mind.
If the Holy Ghost and fire comes in the church and you start having revival, there'll be people having babies everywhere, and they'll give them up for adoption.
Maybe a God-fearing family would take them.
Do you understand?
I see it; it's changing things.
And then they won't have premarital sex—they shouldn't be doing that anyway.
It's all just changing a culture.
It's an awakening unto God in the culture to bring revival back to the churches that brings people who say, 'I'm going to abstain and keep myself pure for marriage.
I'm going to keep myself in a place of purity because the Holy Ghost and fire is flowing in here and I want to be a part of it.
' You reject sin.
You don't open your body up to be that way because you're getting purified by the fire.
It all starts in the churches with revival and an awakening unto God.
The devil's problem is because of an immoral problem.
The immoral problems all compound.
What I'm seeing in the spirit, the Lord said, 'You're praying against this, but if you focus your prayers over here and pray for revival to come in the churches and for pastors to preach repentance and holiness, it's going to start to eliminate this.
' As it was in the Welsh revival, look what I can do in America.
Then they're all in the church, having the Holy Ghost and fire, and people aren't sleeping around, being out of wedlock, and having abortions.
Does that make sense?
It's attacking the root of the fruit.
It's all going back to the church preaching the Holy Ghost and fire and not a lukewarm gospel of skinny jeans and fog machines.
We're just trying to accommodate the young people so they'll come back to church, but if you get the Holy Ghost and fire in there and change them from the inside out, you can have skinny jeans and fog machines, but just have the Holy Ghost when you get there.
You'll have a glory cloud and you won't have to fake it.
It's all about how bad you want the Spirit in your life.
How do you want to change from glory to glory?
Then the husbands and the wives pray, you get the family going, you have dinner time, you pray again as a family before you go to bed, you anoint each other, and you take communion.
A family that prays together stays together and doesn't deviate into bad places.
You've got to have a praying husband and a praying wife.
If you're single, you're praying for a godly spouse, but it's all based in and rolls out of prayer.
What I'm seeing, he says, 'You're attacking a spirit, but the problem is the church.
' You say, 'Well, you've got to attack abortion,' but he said, 'Bring Holy Ghost and fire into the church.
' If you don't want that in here, then find a place where he is wanted.
Find a place that will let him flow and God will take just 300—look what he can do.
You'll change a nation with just 12; he changed the world with 12.
The glory came, and people were like, 'This is something we've never seen before.
' But look at how many of us are wall-to-wall Holy Ghost.
If we would just do with what we have.
You say, 'I need more,' but what have you done with what he's given you?
Be faithful with little, and he'll give you more.
You're already wall-to-wall Holy Ghost.
Flow with what he's already given you.
I was asking him about that, 'Lord, I want the healing in my hands.
I want to lay hands on people.
' He said, 'It's not a toy.
It's not for show, Brandon.
It's not to draw people to you.
It's always to draw them to me.
' It's not about attracting people to me.
It's about attracting them to Him.
What do you want it for?
Are you going to go out and do something?
You're buying a camera.
What are you going to do with it?
It's not for play.
People shouldn't be playing around with stuff.
He said, "Don't.
" This is about gifts of service; they're gifts to make a harvest come in.
You know, it's not for play.
People act immature and stupid with it.
But the Lord said you must use it—it's a tool, like a hammer is to a carpenter, or a screwdriver is to someone who's using it.
You know, everything is used for service to get the job done.
Gifts are for service to get the job done, but it's always to give Him glory.
Never attract anything to yourself; always give Him glory.
Seeing in the spirit, like I just did, is to give Him glory.
What are we praying for?
Revival.
A shaking to awaken.
What is the root of it?
A demonic spirit that has set a stronghold from the 1500s plus.
I'm looking way back deep.
It is attached to Europe, goes to Canada, and it's all over this area.
And the Lord said this demonic spirit is a stronghold.
There are bats on the top of this house, and there are people with masks on, all making sacrifices for financial gain to a demonic spirit that is demanding it through abortion—the blood of the innocent.
Interesting, huh, Braden?
Very interesting, all this that the Lord showed us tonight.
I wonder...
it's all the root going to the fruit of revival.
Brandon, the only thing is not saving America to save America; it's an awakening unto God that will save America.
What will save America?
A revival.
If you have the Save America Act passing, you're still dealing with the root of the fruit of darkness.
The darkness is bound by the blood of the Lamb.
But you must walk in the authority of the believer and teach people that they have that authority to do it.
It's not being taught at church.
That's why Sister Billye Brim has that book, The Authority of the Believer.
And Diana is determined to memorize that book.
Paisley's almost memorized all that, and she can quote it; she says it from memory now.
I'm trying to train Paisley to know the authority of the believer.
She's a little girl, but if you can get it into her now, when she gets older, that devil better run.
I want that in my kids.
Understand who you are.
God gave you power and authority to tread on serpents and scorpions, and nothing shall by any means hurt you.
But you must know it.
And you must understand that according to Ephesians—read Ephesians over and over again—we are seated with Him in the heavenlies.
And that devil is subject to us; bow down in the name of Jesus!
But it's going to take a church that has a backbone like a crowbar rising up in these last days and preaching Holy Ghost and fire in the pulpits.
That's the only thing that's going to save America—not Trump, not the Save America Act, but a revival in Minnesota, California, and all these areas.
And you're going to see it as we continue to pray.
It's interesting.
I go down this.
Lord, I'm not satisfied with what we've prayed for so far tonight.
I'm thankful that You show us, but Lord, stir in the pastors; that's what my heart is for the people.
Stir in them.
We see that bull-looking thing; he's defeated.
But we believe, Father, that we are rising up with a backbone like a crowbar.
And we're not satisfied with where we are; we're coming up higher with the fire in these last days.
We're coming up higher with the glory.
Every single one of us has an anticipation for the manifestations of the glory in our lives.
We pray over our oil refineries.
We pray over the oil refineries in Houston and Joplin, wherever all these places—I'm sorry if I don't remember them all—and Louisiana, Tuttle, Alabama, Mississippi, all on the Gulf.
We pray a hedge around our refineries in the name of Jesus that every plot, every plan, every pursuit to try to kill, steal, and destroy, and blow up our oil wells or anything, I say you are thwarted tonight.
I call Homeland Security to rise up; they will see it.
FBI, CIA, whoever it may be, and the NSA—I don't care.
Father, we just know that You know where they're going to do it if they try to do it, and when.
All the things that we need to know, You know it.
And we thank You, Lord, that we are not caught off guard.
Father, even in Madison Square Garden, in Boston over the marathon this weekend, over Coachella, over these events, we thank You, Lord, that every plot, every plan, every pursuit...
When I said Coachella, I see a white snake.
I see a side-winding-looking rattlesnake that's a cobra that's moving.
This snake—when I said Coachella out of my mouth, the snake rose up out of it.
That was a transparent-looking demon.
I see trafficking there.
I see trafficking of girls—young girls, targets.
They look like they're in their 20s.
We call revival over these places.
We call a shaking to awaken.
So much ungodliness, so many parties, so many people just not thinking.
After a while, it's like, "Lord, You've got these big pythons and these things around them.
Shake them, Lord!
Wake them up!
" I see Justin.
He's on the stage.
He has his shirt off.
Has he performed yet, or is something coming?
I need to know.
I see Justin.
It's around these girls.
I see young girls.
Father, we thank You, Lord.
You protect young, innocent people.
But Father, they need godly morals.
What do You say to some of this stuff I'm seeing?
I'm trying to look past all the moral stuff to say, look at the heart of the individual that God is after.
He wants to protect that young girl and these kids.
Now, like I said, I do not know when Justin's going, but I see Justin.
It's something to do.
The 18th—that's the day the Lord circled.
Justin was scheduled Saturday at 11:26 PM; it said he did perform that night.
The weekend's official livestream page shows his second weekend is April 17th through 19th.
So is he coming on the 18th?
Yeah.
If you have kids that plan on going to something like that, I'd really try to tell them not to.
Pray about your kids always going to mass events like this if they don't have adult supervision.
They need to have adults with them if they're going to go watch a concert.
They don't need to be just hanging out by themselves.
You say, "Well, I don't need you, Mom, to go with me.
" Well, you know what?
I think you're a little too young to go out by yourself to some event, being a female, and not have somebody with you.
It's real smart to have a man with you or an adult.
Kids try to have fun, but I see darkness around this.
I'm not familiar with it.
I'm telling you, I see something dark and I see a snake coming up out of this.
It's a transparent-looking demon.
Now, I see people in clothes that are promiscuous.
I see women that are not dressed professionally.
I see people that have loose morals and I see open doors.
Why the Lord is showing this to me, I don't know, but this is the second time.
And that's interesting if it's the 18th, because remember He said, "Watch the 18th.
Pray over the 18th.
" Pray over Boston.
We will continue to pray over this.
It is very interesting to me because I am seeing the snake slither again, and I am wondering what this is about.
Like I said, after you look into something, I don't want to add to or take away from anything, but instantaneously I have a caution.
Regardless of adding to or taking away, I have a caution.
There is something wrong.
Why is he showing this?
The 18th, praying over the Boston Marathon weekend coming up—it is this weekend.
Praying over this time frame could be just for an individual person.
You never know until the Lord lets you really play it out.
You could be praying for one woman and interceding for her because God has something there.
All I know is I am seeing it.
The spirit realm is very active, and I will tell you what, it is very precise.
I just have to take a break for a minute.
After a while, my flesh, just like everybody's flesh, gets tired; it pulls on me a lot.
The gift is a blessing, but it is a lot.
It pulls on my flesh, and after I have been in it for that long, looking over so many different things, I just have to take a break for a minute.
I want to pray more for this, but I just have to rest for a second.
It has been going on for over an hour and a half.
I can look over longer and longer, but whenever I reach my limit, I say, 'Okay, I have to stop.
' It used to only be for about five minutes.
It has taken years to get to hours like this, to be able to see around and look at things.
Especially when the anointing gets on me so strong like it is right now, my ears are on fire.
But even I am just flesh.
Are you ready, Lord?
Do you want me to jump one more time?
Do you want me to look more or do you want me to stop?
Okay.
I see a storm.
I see lightning at the top of the storm.
There is a storm at the base, but the lightning is coming off of it like a sphere.
As I see this storm, I see darkness in it.
It is very dark.
There is no lightning at the base; it is all at the top, shooting off like a ball.
I see the lights.
Okay, look up Columbine.
What is today?
Look at that.
Yes.
When did it take place?
I hear it.
So, it is the 20th.
It is the anniversary.
It is a spirit.
The 20th is Sunday, then Monday is the Boston Marathon.
Do you get what I am telling you?
It is all connected.
It is a spirit.
If I just need a little bit more, Holy Spirit, I yield to you.
It is something to do with the spirit behind Hitler.
When did Hitler die?
It is about Hitler.
It is a spirit.
April 30th.
I see the swastika on his arm, the mustache, and the hair.
It is the same thing.
It is attached to Oklahoma City, and I see Timothy McVeigh.
Look that up.
When is the date?
I see Hitler, Columbine, and Timothy McVeigh.
I see Coachella.
It is all like praying over this time frame from Boston on the 18th.
There is something in the spirit realm about this; it is dark.
April 19th is the Oklahoma City bombing, and Hitler's birthday is April 20th.
Do you see what I am talking about?
I am seeing these events pop up before my eyes.
It is a spirit that is connected to it: Coachella and the Boston Marathon.
I am hearing this and seeing to pray over these events.
Pray over the hospitals.
I see the Red Cross hospitals.
You see the red cross again?
I see it very clearly.
You will have to write this stuff down, honey, because I need you to help me remember everything the Lord is showing me for later.
So, it is Timothy McVeigh, Hitler, and Columbine.
It is the 20th and the 19th.
This is strategic by design.
The same with 89ers Day in Oklahoma, the land run celebration—it all goes together somehow.
I have to go deeper.
Lord, we just lay at your feet.
We cannot do this on our own.
Holy Spirit, help us to pray and show us what is going on.
I yield to you.
I am not doing this in my own flesh or pushing.
I know by your leading to pray for this.
There is a spirit behind this.
Hitler's birthday is on the 20th, and his death was on the 30th.
Why do I see Hitler, Father?
What is going on with Hitler?
'It is a way of thinking, my son.
' That is what He said.
We pray for all the Jews around this time frame.
I pray for synagogues and Jewish communities around New York and Boston.
I pray a hedge around them.
Thank you, Father, that you protect the Jews.
We will not see any act of terrorism, mass shootings, or plots with explosive devices.
We will not see any drones assigned to anybody.
Father, we thank you, Lord, that it is brought to naught and it will not bear fruit over this nation.
I ask, Father, for them to catch it, that they will have the assignments to pray for what they need.
There are so many cities and nations represented here.
But Father, this time...
get on out of here!
Don't you look at me.
We're covering it like an onion with layers, Braden.
I am getting too tired, son.
I am going to have to stop.
In my opinion, going into this weekend and this time frame until the Monday of the Boston Marathon, it should be like a red alert.
That is what I am feeling.
There is something interesting to me: it is a spirit around the dates.
It is demonic around the dates; it is not a coincidence.
You have demonic men born on these dates, massive violence taking place in Oklahoma City, and mass violence happening at a school shooting.
Oklahoma City, 89ers Day...
I am talking about the darkness that is associated with those days.
They are all circling around that time frame.
That is not normal.
Why is it all around that?
There is a demonic spirit.
As I am praying over Coachella and this time frame, why are these events scheduled for this weekend on those days?
Pray over Boston.
We will continue to pray over this.
It is very interesting to me because I am seeing the snake slither again, and I am wondering what this is about.
Like I said, after you look into something, I don't want to add to or take away from anything, but instantaneously I have a caution.
Regardless of adding to or taking away, I have a caution.
There is something wrong.
Why is he showing this?
The 18th, praying over the Boston Marathon weekend coming up—it is this weekend.
Praying over this time frame could be just for an individual person.
You never know until the Lord lets you really play it out.
You could be praying for one woman and interceding for her because God has something there.
All I know is I am seeing it.
The spirit realm is very active, and I will tell you what, it is very precise.
I just have to take a break for a minute.
After a while, my flesh, just like everybody's flesh, gets tired; it pulls on me a lot.
The gift is a blessing, but it is a lot.
It pulls on my flesh, and after I have been in it for that long, looking over so many different things, I just have to take a break for a minute.
I want to pray more for this, but I just have to rest for a second.
It has been going on for over an hour and a half.
I can look over longer and longer, but whenever I reach my limit, I say, 'Okay, I have to stop.
' It used to only be for about five minutes.
It has taken years to get to hours like this, to be able to see around and look at things.
Especially when the anointing gets on me so strong like it is right now, my ears are on fire.
But even I am just flesh.
Are you ready, Lord?
Do you want me to jump one more time?
Do you want me to look more or do you want me to stop?
Okay.
I see a storm.
I see lightning at the top of the storm.
There is a storm at the base, but the lightning is coming off of it like a sphere.
As I see this storm, I see darkness in it.
It is very dark.
There is no lightning at the base; it is all at the top, shooting off like a ball.
I see the lights.
Okay, look up Columbine.
What is today?
Look at that.
Yes.
When did it take place?
I hear it.
So, it is the 20th.
It is the anniversary.
It is a spirit.
The 20th is Sunday, then Monday is the Boston Marathon.
Do you get what I am telling you?
It is all connected.
It is a spirit.
If I just need a little bit more, Holy Spirit, I yield to you.
It is something to do with the spirit behind Hitler.
When did Hitler die?
It is about Hitler.
It is a spirit.
April 30th.
I see the swastika on his arm, the mustache, and the hair.
It is the same thing.
It is attached to Oklahoma City, and I see Timothy McVeigh.
Look that up.
When is the date?
I see Hitler, Columbine, and Timothy McVeigh.
I see Coachella.
It is all like praying over this time frame from Boston on the 18th.
There is something in the spirit realm about this; it is dark.
April 19th is the Oklahoma City bombing, and Hitler's birthday is April 20th.
Do you see what I am talking about?
I am seeing these events pop up before my eyes.
It is a spirit that is connected to it: Coachella and the Boston Marathon.
I am hearing this and seeing to pray over these events.
Pray over the hospitals.
I see the Red Cross hospitals.
You see the red cross again?
I see it very clearly.
You will have to write this stuff down, honey, because I need you to help me remember everything the Lord is showing me for later.
So, it is Timothy McVeigh, Hitler, and Columbine.
It is the 20th and the 19th.
This is strategic by design.
The same with 89ers Day in Oklahoma, the land run celebration—it all goes together somehow.
I have to go deeper.
Lord, we just lay at your feet.
We cannot do this on our own.
Holy Spirit, help us to pray and show us what is going on.
I yield to you.
I am not doing this in my own flesh or pushing.
I know by your leading to pray for this.
There is a spirit behind this.
Hitler's birthday is on the 20th, and his death was on the 30th.
Why do I see Hitler, Father?
What is going on with Hitler?
'It is a way of thinking, my son.
' That is what He said.
We pray for all the Jews around this time frame.
I pray for synagogues and Jewish communities around New York and Boston.
I pray a hedge around them.
Thank you, Father, that you protect the Jews.
We will not see any act of terrorism, mass shootings, or plots with explosive devices.
We will not see any drones assigned to anybody.
Father, we thank you, Lord, that it is brought to naught and it will not bear fruit over this nation.
I ask, Father, for them to catch it, that they will have the assignments to pray for what they need.
There are so many cities and nations represented here.
But Father, this time...
get on out of here!
Don't you look at me.
We're covering it like an onion with layers, Braden.
I am getting too tired, son.
I am going to have to stop.
In my opinion, going into this weekend and this time frame until the Monday of the Boston Marathon, it should be like a red alert.
That is what I am feeling.
There is something interesting to me: it is a spirit around the dates.
It is demonic around the dates; it is not a coincidence.
You have demonic men born on these dates, massive violence taking place in Oklahoma City, and mass violence happening at a school shooting.
Oklahoma City, 89ers Day...
I am talking about the darkness that is associated with those days.
They are all circling around that time frame.
That is not normal.
Why is it all around that?
There is a demonic spirit.
As I am praying over Coachella and this time frame, why are these events scheduled for this weekend on those days?